now joining us from Moore's Texas
Republican congressman Kevin Brady chair
of the Congressional joint economic
committee congressman is great to have
you here this morning and I actually
want to start with something that John
Engler business roundtable told us
yesterday as well he fingered Texas and
said look they said that you know you've
got rick perry saying congrats for to us
for taking business from other states
because of our lower tax rates how can
the US now turn around and blame its
companies for arbitrage a global
territories in the same way well well
you can't the presents wrong really on
two counts when businesses in America
pay a lot of taxes unfortunately they
pay the highest corporate rate in the
world and so for them to compete survive
a grow in a increasingly competitive
world when they're competing against
companies whose tax rates are half of
theirs they have to do something that
answer truthfully is to fix this broken
tax code in the present strong he's not
reached out to Republicans in Congress
we've been working on ways and means
three years every day on this and the
White House frankly hasn't darkened our
door the congressman you know the real
problem is that there's just no meeting
of the minds on this issue so the White
House has its approach Congress or at
least the house has its approach it
seems as though there's not going to be
any kind of compromise that can breach
those two different views by the way of
how to move the country so there's not
going to be anything that happens on
this issue is there in terms of
corporate tax overhaul out of Congress
you know we don't count on the president
leading like in so many areas that's my
house republicans have developed a tax
reform discussion draft first top to
bottom rewrite in 30 years it's a start
to move this ball in the right direction
we think we can make it even more
progresso the present isn't going the
lead we're going to and we will stop
inversions when we fix this broken code
congressman what's so hard about this I
mean it used to be back in the day in
Congress there was compromised
Republicans wanted one thing Democrats
wanted another in the middle I think
there are enough people who probably
agree the the corporate taxes could come
down that some loopholes could be closed
that something could get done but it
seems
like folks in Congress get rewarded for
talking about stuff in their positions
more than actually getting stuff done
what's so hard about this you know the
president leading on key issues would be
immensely helpful that's how it's got
done in the past but I'll tell you this
in the house we're not acting and we're
not waiting we've passed now more than
300 bills to the Senate they don't have
to agree on them but pass something out
then we can try to hit that common
ground on we've acted on tax reform we'd
love the Senate to do its job so what
would leadership in this case look like
congressman in another executive order I
mean he suggested to Steve Liesman why
not put a clean inversion bill on the
table don't try and tackle full-scale
tax reform right now only deal with this
issue because capital is leaving our
country and that is a fact that we have
many data points at this point to look
at I mean what what is leadership look
like yeah it isn't an executive order
and it certainly isn't this inversion
bill which ignores the root cause of
these companies uncompetitive pneus and
it actually makes the problem worse my
prediction is the president's will hold
on if my my prediction of the
president's bill were to pass it would
force more American jobs overseas not
simply where they're located where their
official work is congressman I want to
ask you a question on sanctions before
we let you go but first just have you
respond as well do something Mark Cuban
told our network this morning he said
that basically the American public
shouldn't back companies doing this
because it's effectively going to end up
raising tax rates for everybody and I
think it was Stan Druckenmiller who
echoed that saying he thinks ultimately
it's going to be the shareholders of
these corporations that are paying more
in taxes in some way shape or form as
this all moves forward you know I what I
see is it American company struggling to
create jobs here in America they're
finding they can't compete around the
world with this broken tax code they're
doing what they need to do to try to
grow themselves as a company I think the
best tax relief is not only fixing this
broken code but doing in a way for
companies who succeed can invest their
profits here in the United States they
can't do that today so I think the root
cause
what we ought to tackle all right we'll
see if we get there and like I said
before we let you go this morning
there's more news out of the EU
potentially levying sanctions against
Russia on technology this could include
technology but potentially exclude their
oil sector what can you tell us about
further plans the US has with regard to
sanctions against Russia you know right
now the president's really making I
think minor steps in the sanctions area
he doesn't seem to be serious about
taking stefan frankly europe hasn't been
serious about taking the real steps it
would cause a change in behavior in
russia sanctions only work if everyone
is involved in it and until we get us
and europe on the same page i don't
think we'll see a change of behavior
interesting congressman Kevin Brady of
Texas this morning thank you for your
views thank you appreciate it I